moving saving plots to unique names before trying different for loops (#56)
carpentries-incubator/swc-ext-python: episodes/31-multi-files.md

(2) modifying our Python script to read multiple files in a for-loop.
We will try both methods and compare the two.

## Saving plot before branching

Our code currently pops up the figure instead of saving it.

> Most of the time we will want to save the figure in any case but it will also help with the flow or our program with loops. With the current configuration, when we write the for loops it will pause each time it pops up a figure and wait for us to close the viewer.

Author: ```suggestion
Most of the time we will want to save the figure as a separate file instead of only viewing it but saving instead of viewing will also help with the flow or our program's for loops. With the current configuration, when we run the for loop it will pause each time it pops up a figure and wait for us to close the viewer.
```

<pre>
import sys
import pandas
# we need to import part of matplotlib
# because we are no longer in a notebook
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

filename = sys.argv[1]

# load data and transpose so that country names are
# the columns and their gdp data becomes the rows
data = pandas.read_csv(filename, index_col = 'country').T

# create a plot of the transposed data
ax = data.plot(title = filename)

# set some plot attributes
ax.set_xlabel("Year")
ax.set_ylabel("GDP Per Capita")
# set the x locations and labels
ax.set_xticks(range(len(data.index)) )
ax.set_xticklabels(data.index, rotation = 45)

# display the plot
<b>plt.savefig('fig/gdp-plot.png')</b>
</pre>

This version of the code overwrites the figure name each time the file is run.
This won't work well for multiple figure generation so we need to edit the script to write a unique name for each input file.

A simple

> unique name can be used based on the original file name. We can use

Author: ```suggestion
unique name can be generated based on the original file name. We can use
```
